OCPBUGS#15206: Specify `ref` option as mandatory if branch is not "master" (#61527)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-source-code.adoc

  dockerfile: "FROM openshift/ruby-22-centos7\nUSER example" <3>
endif::[]
----

> <1> The `git` field contains the `URI` to the remote Git repository of the source code. Specify the `ref` field to check out a specific Git reference. A valid `ref` can be a SHA1 tag or a branch name, if not specified "master" will be picked as the default value.

Reviewer: Should this be `main` instead of "master"?

Reviewer 2: No, master is correct here. That is the reason for the documentation update, the code does not automatically detect the main branch.

Author: No, it should be `master`. By default builder picks up `master` even for the projects where `main` is the default branch.

> <1> The `git` field contains the `URI` to the remote Git repository of the source code. Specify the `ref` field to check out a specific Git reference. A valid `ref` can be a SHA1 tag or a branch name, if not specified "master" will be picked as the default value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> The `git` field contains the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) to the remote Git repository of the source code. You must specify the value of the `ref` field to check out a specific Git reference. A valid `ref` can be a SHA1 tag or a branch name. The default value of the `ref` field is `main`.
```

Author: @shipsing we would need to stick by `master` in the last sentence here, i.e., 
```
The default value of the `ref` field is `main`
```
By default builder picks up the `master` branch even when default branch for the project is `main`. In such scenarios, it becomes mandatory to specify `ref: main` in the buildconfig.
Details are available here: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13977

I hope this helps with the context. Please let me know your inputs.

<2> The `contextDir` field allows you to override the default location inside the source code repository where the build looks for the application source code. If your application exists inside a sub-directory, you can override the default location (the root folder) using this field.
ifndef::openshift-online[]
<3> If the optional `dockerfile` field is provided, it should be a string containing a Dockerfile that overwrites any Dockerfile that may exist in the source repository.
endif::[]

If the `ref` field denotes a pull request, the system uses a `git fetch` operation and then checkout `FETCH_HEAD`.

> When no `ref` value is provided, {product-title} performs a shallow clone (`--depth=1`). In this case, only the files associated with the most recent commit on the default branch (typically `master`) are downloaded. This results in repositories downloading faster, but without the full commit history. To perform a full `git clone` of the default branch of a specified repository, set `ref` to the name of the default branch (for example `main`).

Reviewer: s/typically `master`/typically `main` ?

Author: @coreydaley could you please help with a review here? If this statement makes sense (specifically usage of master & main in the sentences). Or, we should go with updating `typically master` to `typically main`?

Author: Yeah, exactly. Then, it seems best to keep it as is.
